nope
secret finds its way out they'll be the
death of him
[Music]
[Applause]
why would i betray we all have our
secrets you just didn't get to yours yet
the world is arming faster than we can
respond
where's double-oh-seven I need a favor
brother you're the only one I trust for
this
the world's moved on commander bond you
would go below two years so stay in your
lane you get in my way I will put a
bullet in your knee
[Music]
that works that's what you two would get
along named Vonda
James both so you're not dead hello q I
missed you it's the most valuable asset
this country has if you feel yourself
losing control I'm not going to lose
control
James you gave up everything for her
when her secret finds its way out
there'll be the death of him
what is it you don't know what this is
James Bond license to kid history of
violence I could be speaking to my own
reflection only your skills die with her
body
mine was survived long after I'm gone
history isn't kind to men who play God
[Music]
you